yo what's up money you got a problem
nah yo hold my poodle huh hold my poo
dog what you want some of this
you want some of this you don't want
none of this son i'll take the ball for
you
[Music]
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will explain a comedy film about two fbi
agents trying to improve their image in
front of their supervisor
these two black men had to disguise
themselves as white sexy girls
guess what happens when two black guys
turn into sexy white chicks
let's follow their silly actions in the
white chicks
white chicks begins with a scene in a
mini market guarded by two men with
thick mustaches
kevin and marcus are two undercover fbi
agents when the ice cream deliverymen
came
they immediately ambush him thinking
that the ice cream seller was a drug
dealer
unfortunately both of them got the wrong
target until the real drug agent came
and end up with a gunshot that made the
drug dealer manage to escape
their mistakes really embarrassed them
their boss
chief eliot was furious with the sheer
stupidity of arresting the drug dealer
at that time there were also two other
feb agents named jake and vincent
these two always embarrass kevin and
marcus and it's clear kevin and marcus
don't like them very much
marcus has a very possessive wife named
gina every time he comes home from work
marcus is always scolded by his wife and
it is clear that his wife will not stay
silent if marcus one day cheats on her
the scene continues as chief elliott
starts announcing a new case
that must be handled by the fib this
case is about fib's suspicion that the
two daughters of the conglomerate andre
wilson
tiffany and brittany wilson will be
kidnapped so the fbi decided to keep an
eye on the two girls
chief eliot said that the two girls
would arrive at the airport that day
but no one seemed to want to pick them
up finally marcus and kevin were
assigned to pick up the two girls
marcus and kevin finally meet tiffany
and brittany wilson at the airport
two white girls who are sexy and look a
bit annoying both look so arrogant and
treat marcus and kevin like servants
on the way to the hotel tiffany and
brittany said their destination to the
hamptons was to attend a party on the
weekend
unfortunately on the way the dog of the
two sexy girls slipped out of the car
and got them into an accident everything
turned into a disaster when britney and
tiffany noticed scratches on their noses
and lips making them scream hysterically
they can't appear flawed at all
especially since both are excited to be
the cover of a magazine
tiffany and brittany were so angry with
marcus and kevin that they threatened to
report this to their superiors
of course it made kevin so panicked
because they had made a mistake in the
previous drug dealer raid and now they
are making another mistake
kevin finally had an idea they weren't
going to let tiffany and brittany come
to the party that weekend
but instead they were going to disguise
themselves as the two white chicks
then a team of professionals who were
always helping them undercover came
and started turning them into tiffany
and brittany no one expected
the two black men had now turned into
two sexy white girls
but they are still a man marcus and
kevin look disapproving
and show a rough expression and voice
like a man when teased by men
at that time jake and vincent disguised
themselves as hotel clerks and marcus
and kevin took advantage of that
opportunity to take revenge on them
finally marcus and kevin were allowed
into the hotel on the way
both of them were so surprised when they
met three other girls who were so
excited when they saw them
the girls were named karen lisa and tori
marcus and kevin also have to pretend to
know them while acting strange
the three girls took marcus and kevin to
a hampton magazine event
where many people enjoyed the party
while at the party
they meet heath and russ it was clear
that karen had a crush on heath
on the contrary heath actually looks so
interested in mr warren vandergeld who
has two twin daughters named heather and
megan vandergilt
the twins are the eternal rivals of the
real tiffany in brittany
and sure enough when heather and megan
saw marcus and kevin disguised as
tiffany
and brittany the two began to argue but
marcus and kevin didn't sit still
and it was clear they were very good at
sarcasm heather and megan were
humiliated in front of everyone
still at the same party kevin saw a
beautiful woman with curly hair
it turned out to be a journalist named
denise porter kevin immediately fell in
love at first sight and decided to greet
her
but denise was utterly unaware that the
woman in front of her was a man in
disguise
at the party there was also a burly man
named latrell who really liked white
women
then his gaze immediately fell on marcus
who looked sexy
latrell didn't even hesitate to try to
tease marcus who immediately rejected
him outright
but the rejection only aroused lat rel
who became more and more attracted to
him
because there will be an even bigger
party karen lisa
and tori are excited to take marcus and
kevin shopping marcus is invited by
karen and tori to choose clothes that
really make him suffer at the clothing
store
women are terrible when it comes to
choosing clothes they even tried to
force super tight clothes on marcus
while he was trying to fit in his super
narrow clothes gina marcus's possessive
wife called
that's when the shop clerk tried to help
marcus put his clothes on
and their conversation made his wife
think that marcus was having an affair
with another woman
meanwhile kevin is actually with lisa
who is choosing clothes
kevin is also very stressed with lisa
who always sees flaws in her
many times lisa screamed hysterically
thinking she was too fat
even though according to kevin lisa's
body shape already looks sexy
when leaving the clothing store kevin's
bag was snatched and of course marcus
and kevin wouldn't let it go
so the two immediately chased the
pickpocket with a tense and unbelievable
action carried out by women
the pickpocket was finally caught this
incident surprised jake and vincent who
was watching them from inside the car
that night the vandergeld's lavish party
began megan got on stage and started
announcing
that they were going to raise money by
auctioning off the girls the auction
began by auctioning her for a thousand
dollars
since she has already worked with heath
then heath bought megan for twenty
thousand dollars which shocked everyone
after that megan announced that the next
woman to be auctioned was tiffany who
was marcus
marcus panicked and asked kevin to help
him so tiffany began to be auctioned at
a low price until finally latrell who
was so interested in him auctioned it at
such a high price that it even reached
50 000
of a time that incident made megan so
upset that marcus's auction price
exceeded her
that night marcus and kevin were so
tired all day disguised as women
but karen lisa and tori suddenly
reappeared in their room
so that marcus and kevin had to hurry to
change their appearance as a woman again
while they were chatting between women
suddenly two men knocked on their
bedroom door
and tried to kidnap marcus and kevin
marcus and kevin then beat the two men
back to the ground
they were later told that the two men
were stripped as dancers hired by the
tory
fortunately their covert action has not
been exposed
the next day marcus and kevin and the
girls went to the beach
there kevin saw denise and he decided to
gain her attention
just then latrell came out of the
dressing room wearing only his underwear
and tried to seduce marcus
meanwhile kevin went into latrell's
dressing room and put on his clothes and
all his jewelry
he then pretends to disguise himself as
a lat rel to impress denise
kevin finally managed to ask denise out
that night the scene continues showing
gina and her friends having lunch
gina began to suspect that marcus might
be having an affair
and sure enough when she was about to
pay for food her credit card was
declined
because it had reached the limit the
credit card says that marcus just bought
a four thousand dollars dress
why would marcus buy a dress if not for
another woman
and it made gina even angrier and she
decided to hit marcus and his mistress
meanwhile marcus has a stressful night
because he has to go on a date with
latrell
on the other hand kevin is so excited
that he will date denise under the guise
of latrell
marcus is then picked up by latrell and
he tries hard to make latrell illfeel on
him
at dinner marcus even put his feet up on
the table and started biting his
toenails
his style of eating was made terrible
but latrell still idolized him
meanwhile kevin disguised as latrell
brings denise into latrell's mansion
at that house kevin looked confused by
the condition of his house
which was so luxurious even though he
had to act as if it was his home
all his plans go awry when latrell's dog
appears and starts attacking him
luckily kevin managed to get rid of the
dog and was able to make out with denise
denise said that she is currently
investigating warren vandergeld
she thinks warren vandergeld is a
dangerous mafia agent smuggling billions
of dollars their chat ended when kevin
and denise started kissing
meanwhile at marcus and kevin's
apartment jake and vincent finally
managed to break marcus and kevin's
disguise
now they know that they have been in
touch with fake tiffany and brittany
the night continues at a club where
heather and megan vandergel challenge
karen and lisa's team to a dance floor
at first heather and megan seem to win
because of their dancing style
but marcus and kevin won't let them
marcus and kevin then started to move up
to the dance floor and started doing
breakdancing
they even head over heels to amaze
everyone in the club
in the bathroom lisa says that the
vandergeldt family is bankrupt
she said that warren vandergeld borrowed
money from her family
this information made marcus and kevin
aware of new information
meanwhile the next day the real tiffany
and brittany were reading the newspaper
and they were so shocked by the news
that they won the dance battle at the
club
then they finally realized that they had
been hiding in a hotel room
so who exactly is disguised as the two
of them
gina and her friend finally come to the
hotel where marcus is staying to
confront him
when he realizes his wife is coming
marcus tries hard to hide all their
disguised gear
including kevin who is still dressed as
a girl finally
after checking the contents of marcus's
room and almost escaped
kevin was caught by gina's friends who
mistook him for a woman
having not had time to explain gina
finally left disappointed
because her husband cheated on her
meanwhile the real brittany and tiffany
come to the hotel
to find out who has cloned themselves
but jake and vincent were waiting to
break their disguises
the real britney and tiffany were then
dragged into a room where chief eliot
was
jake and vincent tried to dismantle
brittany and tiffany's disguise by
grabbing their hair
and even taking off their clothes so
that their breasts were exposed
but they still believe that these two
girls are fake until jake starts to sag
britney's pants and surprises everyone
because she is a real woman marcus and
kevin's disguises were finally exposed
and both were fired
at first marcus and kevin had
disagreements but in the end they
decided to uncover the crime of warren
banderfield
marcus and kevin are finally back on the
show that weekend
it turns out that karen lisa and tori
have registered both of them to
participate in the fashion show
when they were ready to participate in
the fashion show the real brittany and
tiffany suddenly appeared and were so
excited to join the fashion show
marcus and kevin then styled the catwalk
as brittany and tiffany but the real
brittany and tiffany appeared when they
just re-entered
that incident made people so fascinated
by the speed at which they changed
clothes
finally the real brittany and tiffany
appeared and shouted at marcus and kevin
who had cloned themselves
then marcus and kevin's disguise was
exposed in front of everyone
suddenly the lights in the studio went
out and a lion dance appeared
and led the four girls onto the stage it
turned out that this was the kidnapping
that had been planned all along
marcus and kevin then start fighting
with heath and ross
it turns out that everything marcus and
kevin thought was true if warren
vandergeld had planned to kidnap
brittany and tiffany due to their
bankruptcy
that's when denise and her camera
arrived and managed to record warren
vanderfield's confession
everything went awry when warren
vanderfield tried to shoot denise but
luckily kevin jumped in to save her
warren vandergeld also tried to shoot
marcus who was still disguised as
tiffany
with a heroic demeanor latrell leaps to
sacrifice himself
in the end warren vanderfield was shot
and arrested
gina who came with her best friend tried
to attack kevin who was still dressed as
a girl
that's when his identity was revealed
finally marcus and kevin were received
back by chief elliot as fbi agents
kevin ends up dating denise and marcus
reconciles with his wife
meanwhile latrell looks so happy because
he can get two white chicks the real
brittany and tiffany
this is the end of the hilarious action
of two black men disguised as white
[Music]
chicks
you